---
layout: entry
title: My hero
category: journal
date: March 11, 2011
---
As my "hero" I've chosen a man called Jeremy Clarkson. He's not much of a "hero", but I don't really care.
 He’s a British, balding, middle-aged man who works as a journalist. Once a week he writes funny columns in The Sunday Times, and has also written books; both actual books and funny collections of his funny columns, all with funny titles and funny pictures of Clarkson.

He's also one of the TV presenters for the motoring show Top Gear, which is mainly about two things - cars and middle-aged men doing stupid stuff; like driving to the North Pole in a pickup and through a solid brick wall with a lorry. I like the stupid things part best.

Clarkson is the tallest person working in British television, and also one of the most famous ones. Because of this, he's been criticized a lot for no apparent reason, and I like things being criticized for no apparent reason, or dumb reason, because they're usually a lot of fun. Like Grand Theft Auto.

For example, there's the so called "Jeremy Clarkson effect". Supposedly, the reason for the 90's decline in denim sales is because denim is associated with middle-aged men because of Clarkson often wearing jeans in national television.
Three years ago, a petition called “Make Jeremy Clarkson Prime Minister” achieved almost 50 000 signatures. Another one called “Never, Ever Make Jeremy Clarkson Prime Minister” got a whopping 87. He’s been ranked as the 50th most influential man in automotive history.
 So, one might think Jeremy Clarkson is an influential man.  Not really, and here's proof: When he stated that the Ford Orion was the worst car in the history of everything, it became a bestselling car.

The reason I chose Jeremy Clarkson is that he seems to be quite bitter. And I like bitter people, because they're a lot like me.
